docs/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Introduction'
description: 'Typewoo SDK is a modern, TypeScript-first SDK for integrating with the WooCommerce Store API. It enables developers to build headless or decoupled WooCommerce storefronts with full type safety.'
---

<Warning>
  This project is **not affiliated with, endorsed by, or officially connected
  to**\ **WooCommerce, Automattic, or WordPress**. WooCommerce® is a registered
  trademark of Automattic Inc. This is an independent, community-driven SDK.
</Warning>

## Overview

The SDK provides a comprehensive interface to interact with WooCommerce's Store API and Admin REST API endpoints. It handles authentication, session management, cart tokens, nonces, and provides strongly-typed responses for all API operations.

## Key Features

- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript support with strongly-typed request parameters and responses powered by Zod schemas
- **Store API Support**: Complete coverage of WooCommerce Store API endpoints.
- **Admin REST API Support**: Full access to WooCommerce REST API v3 for administrative operations
- **Authentication**: Built-in support for JWT authentication with automatic token refresh
- **Session Management**: Automatic handling of nonces and cart tokens via Axios interceptors
- **Event-Driven Architecture**: Custom EventBus for reactive state management
- **Request Lifecycle Hooks**: Callbacks for request, response, error, and loading states
- **Retry Logic**: Configurable automatic retry for failed requests
- **Storage Flexibility**: Pluggable storage providers (localStorage, sessionStorage, memory)

## Architecture

Typewoo SDK is organized into three main service layers:

### Store API (`Typewoo.store`)

The Store API provides public-facing endpoints optimized for storefront use:

- **Cart**: Full cart management (add, update, remove items, apply coupons)
- **Checkout**: Process orders and payments
- **Orders**: Retrieve order details for pay-for-order flows
- **Products**: Browse and search products

### Auth API (`Typewoo.auth`)

The Auth API handles user authentication:

- **Token Management**: Obtain and refresh JWT tokens
- **Session Validation**: Validate token status
- **Auto-Login**: Generate one-time tokens for seamless authentication

### Admin API (`Typewoo.admin`)

The Admin API provides access to WooCommerce REST API v3 endpoints:

- **Products**: Full CRUD operations on products and variations
- **Orders**: Order management and processing
- **Customers**: Customer data management
- **Settings**: Store configuration
- **Reports**: Sales and analytics data

## Requirements

- Node.js 20 or higher
- WooCommerce 8.0 or higher with Store API enabled
- Typewoo WordPress plugin (for authentication features)

## Package Information

| Package        | Version | Description      |
| -------------- | ------- | ---------------- |
| `@typewoo/sdk` | 3.3.0   | Core SDK package |

## Peer Dependencies

The SDK requires the following peer dependencies:

```json
{
  "axios": "^1.11.0",
  "qs": "^6.14.0",
  "zod": "^4.0.0"
}
```

## License

MIT License - see the repository for full license text.

Commit message:

feat: introduce createTypewoo SDK initializer with configurable endpoints (#141)

docs/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Introduction'
description: 'Typewoo SDK is a modern, TypeScript-first SDK for integrating with the WooCommerce Store API. It enables developers to build headless or decoupled WooCommerce storefronts with full type safety.'
---

<Warning>
  This project is **not affiliated with, endorsed by, or officially connected
  to**\ **WooCommerce, Automattic, or WordPress**. WooCommerce® is a registered
  trademark of Automattic Inc. This is an independent, community-driven SDK.
</Warning>

## Overview

The SDK provides a comprehensive interface to interact with WooCommerce's Store API and Admin REST API endpoints. It handles authentication, session management, cart tokens, nonces, and provides strongly-typed responses for all API operations.

## Key Features

- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript support with strongly-typed request parameters and responses powered by Zod schemas
- **Store API Support**: Complete coverage of WooCommerce Store API endpoints.
- **Admin REST API Support**: Full access to WooCommerce REST API v3 for administrative operations
- **Authentication**: Built-in support for JWT authentication with automatic token refresh
- **Session Management**: Automatic handling of nonces and cart tokens via Axios interceptors
- **Event-Driven Architecture**: Custom EventBus for reactive state management
- **Request Lifecycle Hooks**: Callbacks for request, response, error, and loading states
- **Retry Logic**: Configurable automatic retry for failed requests
- **Storage Flexibility**: Pluggable storage providers (localStorage, sessionStorage, memory)

## Architecture

Typewoo SDK is organized into three main service layers:

### Store API (`sdk.store`)

The Store API provides public-facing endpoints optimized for storefront use:

- **Cart**: Full cart management (add, update, remove items, apply coupons)
- **Checkout**: Process orders and payments
- **Orders**: Retrieve order details for pay-for-order flows
- **Products**: Browse and search products

### Auth API (`sdk.auth`)

The Auth API handles user authentication:

- **Token Management**: Obtain and refresh JWT tokens
- **Session Validation**: Validate token status
- **Auto-Login**: Generate one-time tokens for seamless authentication

### Admin API (`sdk.admin`)

The Admin API provides access to WooCommerce REST API v3 endpoints:

- **Products**: Full CRUD operations on products and variations
- **Orders**: Order management and processing
- **Customers**: Customer data management
- **Settings**: Store configuration
- **Reports**: Sales and analytics data

### Custom Endpoints (`sdk.endpoints`)

Define custom API endpoints in the configuration for calling WordPress REST API endpoints, WooCommerce extensions, or any other endpoints on your store. See [Custom Endpoints](/configuration#custom-endpoints) for details.

## Requirements

- Node.js 20 or higher
- WooCommerce 8.0 or higher with Store API enabled
- Typewoo WordPress plugin (for authentication features)

## Package Information

| Package        | Version | Description      |
| -------------- | ------- | ---------------- |
| `@typewoo/sdk` | 3.3.0   | Core SDK package |

## Peer Dependencies

The SDK requires the following peer dependencies:

```json
{
  "axios": "^1.11.0",
  "qs": "^6.14.0",
  "zod": "^4.0.0"
}
```

## License

MIT License - see the repository for full license text.
